<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_rdf_vyn_jv">
  <title>Knowledge Articles</title>
  <shortdesc>Here you'll find many links to articles about various DITA related topics.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>DITA Specification</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref
            href="https://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part3-all-inclusive/dita-v1.3-os-part3-all-inclusive.html"
            format="html" scope="external">Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Version 1.3
            Part 3: All-Inclusive Edition</xref> - The most important information resource is the
          DITA specification itself. It contains the technical reference and many useful
          examples.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Getting Started Articles</title>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p><xref href="https://dita.xml.org/book/dita-wiki-knowledgebase" format="html"
              scope="external">dita.xml.org - DITA Wiki Knowledgebase</xref> - Official DITA
            information collection maintained by the OASIS.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p><ph id="learningdita"><xref href="https://www.learningdita.com/" format="html" scope="external">learningDITA</xref> - LearningDITA.com provides e-learning for individuals who want to explore DITA, the Darwin Information Typing Architecture.</ph></p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DITA Communities</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref href="https://www.linkedin.com/groups/162465" format="html" scope="external">DITA
            Awareness Group</xref> - DITA community on Linkedin.</li>
        <li><xref
            href="https://www.xing.com/communities/groups/darwin-information-typing-architecture-dita-ba2f-1012092"
            format="html" scope="external">DITA Group (Xing)</xref> - DITA community on Xing.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.dita4publishers.org/" format="html" scope="external">DITA For
            Publishers</xref> - The general goal of the DITA for Publishers project is to make
          creating and using DITA-based solutions for Publishing-specific business challenges as
          quick and easy as possible by providing a solid base from which you can start
          immediately.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.dita-community.org/" format="html" scope="external"
            >DITA-Community</xref> - The DITA-Community is a place for DITA-OT plugins and sample
          files.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://ditanauts.org/" format="html" scope="external">DITANAUTS</xref> - The
          goal of the DITANAUTS project is to provide relevant, actionable information that helps
          others with the implementation of DITA.</li>
        <li>
          <p><xref href="https://ditachicks.com/" format="html" scope="external">DITAChicks</xref> -
            DITAChicks is a blog of Karen Lowe and Lu Hall covering various DITA related topics.</p>
        </li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/forum/forum20.html" format="html" scope="external"
            >oXygen XML DITA Forum</xref> - The DITA forum of the oXygen XML editor is an important
          information resource and has great supporters and moderators. </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Blogs</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref href="https://think-dita.com/" format="html" scope="external">Think DITA</xref> -
          Blog of Magda Caloian about DITA and information architecture</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.scriptorium.com/blog/" format="html" scope="external"
            >Scriptorium</xref> - Blog of the publishing and content strategy consulting company
          Scriptorium.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://drmacros-xml-rants.blogspot.de/" format="html" scope="external">Dr.
            Macro's XML Rants</xref> - DITA blog written by Eliot Kimber</li>
        <li><xref href="https://idratherbewriting.com/" format="html" scope="external">I'd Rather Be
            Writing</xref> - Information architecture and API documentation blog written by Tom
          Johnson.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://blog.oxygenxml.com/" format="html" scope="external">oXygen XML
            Blog</xref> - Official blog of the oXygen XML editor.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.ditalog.com/blog/linking-dependency-tree" format="html" scope="external">Ditalog</xref> - DITA blog written by Andreas Petersell.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>OASIS DITA Publications and Whitepapers</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref
            href="https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/56339/Release_Management_WP.pdf"
            format="pdf" scope="external">DITA 1.3 Feature Article:About the DITA 1.3 release
            management domain</xref></li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.ditatranslation.com/articles/ditaxliff.html" format="html"
            scope="external">DITA 1.2 Feature Article: Using XLIFF to Translate DITA
          Projects</xref></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Youtube-Channels</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtCxC8CmavB_DQAq1pOy7rQ" format="html"
            scope="external">oxygenxml</xref> - Official Youtube-Channel of the famous <xref
            href="https://oxygenxml.com/" format="html" scope="external">oXygen XML</xref> Editor.
          This channel mainly contains video manuals and recordings of presentations.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Books</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref
            href="https://read.amazon.com/kp/embed?asin=B00C7CC4HG&amp;preview=newtab&amp;linkCode=kpe&amp;ref_=cm_sw_r_kb_dp_W-W7wb16PG4EG"
            format="html" scope="external">DITA for Practitioners Volume 1: Architecture and
            Technology (Eliot Kimber)</xref> - The most famous DITA book about the DITA basics.</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.amazon.com/dp/0982811810/ref=cm_sw_su_dp" format="html"
            scope="external">The Dita Style Guide: Best Practices for Authors (Tony Self)</xref> -
          Contains best practices and real world DITA examples and comprehensive, practical
          explanations of DITA elements and attributes.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Mailing Lists</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref href="https://groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users" format="html" scope="external"
            >[dita-users] (Yahoo)</xref> - Biggest DITA mailing list</li>
        <li><xref href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/mailinglists.html#oxygen-user" format="html"
            scope="external">[oxygen-users]</xref> - Mailing list of the oXygen XML editor</li>
        <li><xref href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/dita-ot-users" format="html"
            scope="external">[dita-ot-users] (Google)</xref> - Another DITA mailing list, focussed
          on the DITA-OT.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Manuals</title>
      <ul>
        <li><xref href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/doc/ug-editor/" format="html" scope="external"
            >oXygen XML</xref> - Offical documentation of the oXygen XML editor.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
