<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_umg_4jt_hv">
 <title>org.doctales.reveal</title>
 <shortdesc>The plugin <uicontrol>org.doctales.reveal</uicontrol> publishes DITA content to a <xref
   href="https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js" format="html" scope="external">reveal.js</xref> based
  presentation. You can see an example here: <xref href="https://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/#/"
   format="html" scope="external">lab.hakim.se/reveal-js</xref>.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Installation</title>
   <p>Install <uicontrol>org.doctales.reveal</uicontrol> via the <cmdname>dita</cmdname>
    command:</p>
   <p><userinput>dita -install
     https://github.com/doctales/org.doctales.reveal/archive/master.zip</userinput></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Usage</title>
   <p>Let's create a small presentation to figure out, how the plugin works. Create a DITA Map file for the presentation and name it <filepath>presentation.ditamap</filepath>. Fill in the snippet below. It is recommended to use a normal DITA Map for your presentation. Use <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> elements to reference the slides. Do not nest the <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> elements.</p>
   <p><codeblock><coderef href="samples/org.doctales.reveal/reveal.map.ditamap"/></codeblock></p>
   <p>Now create your first slide. <filepath>slide1.dita</filepath> represents a normal slide with a title and a list containing two items.</p>
   <p><codeblock><coderef href="samples/org.doctales.reveal/reveal.slide.normal.dita"/></codeblock></p>
   <p>Now create your second slide. This time we want to create a slide containing two nested (vertical) slides. Each nested slide is represented by a nested <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement>.</p>
   <p><codeblock><coderef href="samples/org.doctales.reveal/reveal.slide.nested.dita"/></codeblock></p>
    <p>That's all the magic. You can use all DITA elements as usual. If an element is not correctly rendered, please create an issue on <xref href="https://github.com/doctales/org.doctales.reveal" format="html" scope="external">github.com/doctales/org.doctales.reveal</xref>.</p> 
  </section>
  <section>
    <title>Parameters</title>
    <p>You can set several parameters to change the appearance and behavior of the presentation.</p>
    <p>To generate a presentation from the <filepath>presentation.ditamap</filepath> using the theme <codeph>solarized</codeph>, use the following command:</p>
    <p><userinput>dita -i presentation.ditamap -f reveal -Dargs.reveal.css=solarized -o presentation</userinput></p>
    <sectiondiv>
      <ul>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.css</parmname>: The name of the theme. If you use a custom template, the name of the theme is the filename without its file extension. Possible values: <ul>
          <li><codeph>beige</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>black</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>blood</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>league</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>moon</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>night</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>serif</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>simple</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>sky</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>solarized</codeph></li>
          <li><codeph>whitete</codeph></li>
          </ul> Default: <codeph>simple</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.controls</parmname>: Display controls in the bottom right corner. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.progress</parmname>: Display a presentation progress bar. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.slidenumber</parmname>: Display the page number of the current slide. Default: <codeph>false</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.history</parmname>: Push each slide change to the browser history. Default: <codeph>false</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.keyboard</parmname>: Enable keyboard shortcuts for navigation. Default: <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.overview</parmname>: Enable the slide overview mode. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.center</parmname>: Enable the vertical centering of slides. Default: <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.touch</parmname>: Enable touch navigation on devices with touch input. Default: <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.loop</parmname>: Loop the presentation. Default: <codeph>false</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.rtl</parmname>: Change the presentation direction to be right-to-left. Default: <codeph>false</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.fragments</parmname>: Turn fragments on and off globally. Default: <codeph>true</codeph>.</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.embedded</parmname>: Flags if the presentation is running in an embedded mode, i.e. contained within a limited portion of the screen. Default: <codeph>false</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.autoslide</parmname>: Number of milliseconds between automatically
            proceeding to the next slide, disabled when set to 0, this value can be overwritten by
            using a data-autoslide attribute on your slides. Default: <codeph>0</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.autoslidestoppable</parmname>: Stop auto-sliding after user input. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.mousewheel</parmname>: Enable slide navigation via mouse wheel. Default: <codeph>false</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.hideaddressbar</parmname>: Hide the address bar on mobile devices. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.previewlinks</parmname>: Open links in an iframe preview overlay. Default: <codeph>false</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.transition</parmname>: Set the transition style. Possible values: <ul>
          <li><codeph>default</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>cube</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>page</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>concave</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>zoom</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>linear</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>fade</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>none</codeph></li>
        </ul>Default: <codeph>default></codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.transitionspeed</parmname>: Set the transition speed. Possible values: "default", "fast", "slow" Default: <codeph>default</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.backgroundtransition</parmname>: Set the transition style for full
            page slide backgrounds. Possible values: <ul id="ul_u5f_p45_4v">
              <li><codeph>default</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>none</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>slide</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>concave</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>conex</codeph></li>
              <li><codeph>zoom</codeph></li>
            </ul> Default: <codeph>default</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.viewdistance</parmname>: Set the number of slides away from the current that are visible. Default: <codeph>3</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.parallaxbackgroundimage</parmname>: Set the parallax background image. Example: "'https://s3.amazonaws.com/hakim-static/reveal-js/reveal-parallax-1.jpg'"</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.parallaxbackgroundsize</parmname>: Set the parallax background size. Example: "2100px 900px"</li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.width</parmname>: The 'normal' width of the presentation, aspect ratio will be preserved when the presentation is scaled to fit different resolutions. Can be specified using percentage units. Default: <codeph>960</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.height</parmname>: The 'normal' height of the presentation, aspect ratio will be preserved when the presentation is scaled to fit different resolutions. Can be specified using percentage units. Default: <codeph>700</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.margin</parmname>: Factor of the display size that should remain empty around the content. Default: <codeph>0.1</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.minScale</parmname>: Bounds for smallest possible scale to apply to content. Default: <codeph>0.2</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.maxScale</parmname>: Bounds for largest possible scale to apply to content. Default: <codeph>1.5</codeph></li>
        <li><parmname>args.reveal.generate.vertical.slides</parmname>: Generate vertical slides for level 2 and below references. Default: <codeph>true</codeph></li>
      </ul>
    </sectiondiv>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
